Mjudeikis/cache.api (#3382)
kcp-dev/kcp: pkg/reconciler/cache/publishedresources/README.md

# PublishedResources controller

This controller acts on `PublishedResources` objects and based on configured GroupVersionKind - replicated them into cache server.
To replicate objects 'wrapper' object is used `CachedResource`. Objects are named based on the original gvr. Example:

Object targeted by `PublishedResource` bellow:
```yaml
apiVersion: machines.svm.io/v1alpha1
kind: Instance
metadata:
  name: web-server-1
```

would be replicated into cache server:
```yaml
apiVersion: cache.kcp.io/v1alpha1

> Kind: CachedResource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kind: PublishedObject
```

metadata:
  name: v1alpha1.instances.machines.svm.io.web-server-1
  labels:
    cache.kcp.io/object-schema: v1alpha1.instances.machines.svm.io
    cache.kcp.io/object-group: machines.svm.io
    cache.kcp.io/object-version: v1alpha1
    cache.kcp.io/object-resource: instances
    cache.kcp.io/object-original-name: web-server-1
    cache.kcp.io/object-original-namespace: <empty>
```

Labels are used to filter object based on group, schema, etc. This way we can get individual object by knowing full gvr + name or just schema.

Main controller (`publishedresources`) for each `PublishedResource` starts child replication controller with 2 informers:
* Local - targeting native type (in example `instances`) to get every change for it.
* Global - targeting `PublishedObject` from the cache server

It will observe both cache and local states and makes sure object are replicated.
On deletion of `PublishedResources` cache is purged and controller stopped after purge is done.

## Delete flow:

1. PublishedResource is deleted
2. Root controller sets phase to `Deleting`
3. Root controller gives signal to child controller as its deleted so its stops replicating

> 4. Replication root controllerwill purge the selected resources and flips the status to Deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Replication root controller will purge the selected resources and flips the status to Deleted
```
